Sister, don't do this.
They are all my relatives
Relatives and sisters, they want to hurt you?
Sister, you must have misunderstood.
Sister, we are all silent relatives.
Silence is the most important emotion
He will definitely not pursue the past.
That's right, sister.
We will not pursue the past.
But but
You are a silent sister
Why did you impersonate him before?
You are cruel to your relatives
What is the purpose
Because I want to replace my sister
Drive away the demon around him, De Xuegong himself
You Chen Shixian are the devil of attempted murder
And your mourning is a poisonous woman sent to your best friend's husband
You so-called relatives
All evil and cunning villains
I will never allow you to hurt your sister or sister
I believe them.